
<ui:composition template="publicTemplate.xhtml" 
                xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">

    <ui:define name="content">
    
        <p:fieldset styleClass="fieldset" legend="About EasyShop" style="width: 700px; height: 700px; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 50px; color: teal">
            <p><big>E</big>asyShop is a leading deal and discount site in Bangladesh where customer can find all exciting deals and special offers of the country in one place. From our featured Deal of the Day, buyer will be able to buy coupon/product of their desired shops and stores. As a Merchant, you can feature your products and services on our Deal of the Day section.</p>
            <p:separator/>
            <h3>Services for merchants at EasyShop</h3>
            <h4>A. Deal of the Day</h4>
            <p>If you are looking for promoting your products or services with maximum exposure in a cost effective way and with fact based results then nothing is sweeter than the Deal of the Day. This is an Exclusive &amp; Expensive online promotion at a highly discounted price. Under Deal of the Day, we highlight your Deal/Offeron the Home Page of EasyShop for consecutive 20 days &amp; on the Category Page for next 10 days. </p>
            <h4>B. Corporate Membership</h4>
            <p>Under Corporate Membership Merchants will have total 8 Deal of the Day to offer at 8 times in a year.</p>
            <h4>C. Premium Panel Advertisement</h4>
            <p>This is an Exclusive Membership service of EasyShop. Merchants will be promoted to a greater extent with this service.  </p>
            <h3>Frequently Asked Questions for Merchants</h3>
            <h4>What is a Deal?</h4>
            <p>A deal is an exclusive offer that creates a 'wow factor' in peoples mind and make people rush to get the offer</p>
            <h3>How can I promote an offer at EasyShop?</h3>
            <p>To promote your offer as a Deal of the Day, please fill in the form "Get Featured at EasyShop " or give us a call. For other services mentioned above, you can call us. Business Development team of EasyShop will contact you and arrange a formal meeting to give you more insight about these service.</p>
            <h3>What are the possible discounts offers I can provide?</h3>
            <p>If you are thinking for the Deal of the Day, we strongly suggest you provide minimum 20% discounts or more on your regular price. This is just a general guideline. However, it may vary segment to segment.</p>
        </p:fieldset>
    </ui:define>
    
</ui:composition>
