<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition template="publicTemplate.xhtml" 
                xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
    <ui:define name="content">

        <p:fieldset legend="Policy" style="width: 700px; height: 700px; margin-left: 50px; font-size: 10pt;">
            <h3>Refund and Replacement Policy</h3>
            <p>Our pivotal concentration is on our customers’ satisfaction. Nothing is more important than making our customers happy. If you're unhappy with anything you purchased from EasyShop, tell us and we will do our best to make things right</p>
            <h4>Payment Refund (for advance payment):</h4>
            <p>1. In case, product is not available in stock.</p>

            <p>  2. When EasyShop becomes unable to send product to the your address within committed time.</p>

            <p>  3. If you find the product damaged/ defective &amp; EasyShop is unable to replace it with a fresh one. </p>

            <p>  4. If a different product is delivered to you which has not been ordered by you. </p>  

            <p> 5. In case of travel deals, EasyShop will refund the payment on condition if the customer decides not to travel during the offer for any incidental reason.  </p> 

            <p>  6. If the customer changes his/ her mind &amp; can cancel his/ her booking before the product/ coupon is already shipped.  </p>

            <p>   7. If online payment is made once more due to technical error.</p> 

            <p>  *No payment will be refunded for COD (Cash on Delivery).</p>
            <p:separator/>
            <h4>How to get refund</h4>
            <p>1. If, unfortunately, product is not available in stock, EasyShop will refund your payment within shortest possible time.
                2. You have to send back the product to EasyShop office at your own cost.
                2. Note that you may have to submit your Bank Statement to get refund of Online Payment.
                2. Note that if you are unable to report to EasyShop CustomerService Department within 24 hours, EasyShop shall not be held liable to refund your payment. 
            </p>
        </p:fieldset>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
